README.md, before:

# SnowWindow ❄️

A **Progressive Web App** that helps homeowners determine the **optimal time to shovel snow** by analyzing weather forecasts and applying snow science to provide actionable recommendations.

## The Problem

Homeowners want to know: _"Should I shovel now or wait 2 hours?"_

Existing solutions don't help:

- **Weather apps** show forecasts but don't give shoveling advice
- **Snow removal apps** are B2B (contractors) or marketplaces to hire someone
- **No consumer app** specifically tells you the optimal time to shovel

## The Solution

SnowWindow monitors your local weather and tells you exactly when to shovel:

> **"Shovel at 4:00 PM for easiest clearing"**  
> _Snow stops at 3 PM. Temperature drops below freezing at 6 PM (compaction risk)._

## Features

- 📍 **Location-based** - Uses your location for hyperlocal forecasts
- 🧠 **Smart Algorithm** - Factors in snowfall, rain (melts snow), sunshine, temperature
- ⏰ **Optimal Timing** - Tells you when to shovel, not just what the weather is
- 🧂 **Salt Advisor** - Recommends when to apply salt preventively
- 💪 **Effort Estimate** - Calculates approximate time needed based on area & depth
- 🔔 **Push Notifications** - Alerts you when it's time to act
- 📱 **Installable PWA** - Add to home screen, works offline

## How It Works

1. **Get Location** → Share your location or enter an address
2. **Fetch Forecast** → Pulls hourly snowfall, rain, temperature, sunshine data
3. **Apply Snow Science** → Calculates melting, compaction risk, accumulation
4. **Generate Recommendation** → Clear advice with reasoning
5. **Notify User** → Push notification when it's time to shovel

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React + TypeScript + Vite
- **Weather API**: Open-Meteo (free, no API key)
- **PWA**: vite-plugin-pwa for installability & offline support
- **Notifications**: Web Push API

Commit message:

feat: Document Dev Sandbox functionality and implement Snow Design System v1.0 with updated colors, typography, and glassmorphism styling.

README.md, after:

# SnowWindow ❄️

A **Progressive Web App** that helps homeowners determine the **optimal time to shovel snow** by analyzing weather forecasts and applying snow science to provide actionable recommendations.

## The Problem

Homeowners want to know: _"Should I shovel now or wait 2 hours?"_

Existing solutions don't help:

- **Weather apps** show forecasts but don't give shoveling advice
- **Snow removal apps** are B2B (contractors) or marketplaces to hire someone
- **No consumer app** specifically tells you the optimal time to shovel

## The Solution

SnowWindow monitors your local weather and tells you exactly when to shovel:

> **"Shovel at 4:00 PM for easiest clearing"**  
> _Snow stops at 3 PM. Temperature drops below freezing at 6 PM (compaction risk)._

## Features

- 📍 **Location-based** - Uses your location for hyperlocal forecasts
- 🧠 **Smart Algorithm** - Factors in snowfall, rain (melts snow), sunshine, temperature
- ⏰ **Optimal Timing** - Tells you when to shovel, not just what the weather is
- 🧂 **Salt Advisor** - Recommends when to apply salt preventively
- 💪 **Effort Estimate** - Calculates approximate time needed based on area & depth
- 🔔 **Push Notifications** - Alerts you when it's time to act
- 📱 **Installable PWA** - Add to home screen, works offline

## How It Works

1. **Get Location** → Share your location or enter an address
2. **Fetch Forecast** → Pulls hourly snowfall, rain, temperature, sunshine data
3. **Apply Snow Science** → Calculates melting, compaction risk, accumulation
4. **Generate Recommendation** → Clear advice with reasoning
5. **Notify User** → Push notification when it's time to shovel

## Development & Debugging

The app includes a built-in **Dev Sandbox** for testing different weather scenarios without waiting for actual snow.

### Running Locally

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

### Enabling Dev Mode

To enable the Dev Sandbox, add `?dev=true` to the URL:

```
http://localhost:5173/?dev=true
```

Once enabled, a "Dev Sandbox" panel will appear at the top of the interface. This allows you to:

- **Load Preset Scenarios**: Quickly switch between "Ideal Shoveling", "Heavy Snow", "Rain/Melt", etc.
- **Manipulate Weather**: Adjust temperature, snowfall, and time of day in real-time.
- **Test Recommendations**: Verify how the shoveling algorithm responds to different conditions.

> **Note**: Dev Mode preference is saved in `localStorage`. To disable it, remove `?dev=true` and toggle the setting off, or clear your local storage.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React + TypeScript + Vite
- **Web App Design**: Snow Design System v1.0
- **Weather API**: Open-Meteo (free, no API key)
- **PWA**: vite-plugin-pwa for installability & offline support
- **Notifications**: Web Push API
